here
I want
small sample very graphic of something that
I must feel what I did
main vehicle what
is going to be the benchmark of the segment that
We'll help we can have
Access to a good brand position
in this segment
then we bring a very good offer
of the very good car of the vehicle and about
all
August is a car that has a lot
versatility and above all
as it is normal in all vehicles
that we launched in the brand vehicles
commercial is a vehicle that can be
configure according to the needs
of the client can be configured from
many ways and above all the idea of
us with marc is that it be that
vehicle that will help you as a
ally in your business and that you can have
everything you need in the car
these are some characteristics
techniques we will review all but
options a cabin and a high encourage me
basically 20
47 centimeters long and the
wheelbase is greater with what
helps us to gain a greater capacity
load
and basically these are some of the
characteristics that we can then
share and what I told them is
very important that all vehicles
that are destined
that flexibility that told them that
it is not a unique vehicle that in a
option but we can have many
possibilities